README.md, before:

# Sticker!Me 
<img src="./client/src/assets/images/logo.png" height="100" width="100" />  

## Instruction to run for development:
You will have to run the front-end and back-end side seperately.  
**For the front-end:**
1. Open a new instance of command line
2. Enter the command `cd client`.
3. Enter the command `npm i`.
4. Enter the command `npm run dev`
5. You can now access the front-end (to see the website) through `http://localhost:8080/`  

**For the back-end:**
1. Open a new instance of command line
2. Enter the command `cd server`.
3. Enter the command `npm i`.
4. To insert the default dummy data, enter the command `npm run db-insert`.
5. Press CTRL + C to stop the command since it doesn't automatically end.
6. Enter the command `npm run dev`
7. You can now access the back-end data (to access the database) through `http://localhost:3000/api/`  
You can view the users in `http://localhost:3000/api/users`

## Default Credentials
| username      | password   |
| ------------- | ---------- |
| moderator     | password   |
| customer      | password   |
| john          | password   |
| kyle          | password   |
| jacob         | password   |

## Tech Stack:
| Area                  | Tool                    |
| --------------------- | ----------------------- |
| Programming Languages | HTML, CSS, Javascript   |
| Framework             | ReactJS                 |
| Front-End Libraries   | Axios, ESLint, Prettier |
| Back-End Libraries    | ExpressJS, Mongoose     |
| Database              | MongoDB                 |

## Development Notes: 
### Coding Standards
ReactJS (JSX): https://github.com/airbnb/javascript/tree/master/react  
Javascript: https://github.com/airbnb/javascript  
CSS: https://github.com/airbnb/css  

## Features:

Commit message:

Added autocrlf command to readme.md

README.md, after:

# Sticker!Me 
<img src="./client/src/assets/images/logo.png" height="100" width="100" />  

## Instruction to run for development:
You will have to run the front-end and back-end side seperately.  
**For the front-end:**
1. Open a new instance of command line
2. Enter the command `cd client`.
3. Enter the command `npm i`.
4. Enter the command `npm run dev`
5. You can now access the front-end (to see the website) through `http://localhost:8080/`  

**For the back-end:**
1. Open a new instance of command line
2. Enter the command `cd server`.
3. Enter the command `npm i`.
4. To insert the default dummy data, enter the command `npm run db-insert`.
5. Press CTRL + C to stop the command since it doesn't automatically end.
6. Enter the command `npm run dev`
7. You can now access the back-end data (to access the database) through `http://localhost:3000/api/`  
You can view the users in `http://localhost:3000/api/users`

## Default Credentials
| username      | password   |
| ------------- | ---------- |
| moderator     | password   |
| customer      | password   |
| john          | password   |
| kyle          | password   |
| jacob         | password   |

## Tech Stack:
| Area                  | Tool                    |
| --------------------- | ----------------------- |
| Programming Languages | HTML, CSS, Javascript   |
| Framework             | ReactJS                 |
| Front-End Libraries   | Axios, ESLint, Prettier |
| Back-End Libraries    | ExpressJS, Mongoose     |
| Database              | MongoDB                 |

## Development Notes: 
### Coding Standards
ReactJS (JSX): https://github.com/airbnb/javascript/tree/master/react  
Javascript: https://github.com/airbnb/javascript  
CSS: https://github.com/airbnb/css  
### Useful Commands
`git config core.autocrlf false` - for disabling the auto conversion of files from LF to CRLF

## Features:
